mission "Efreti: Distress Call 1"
	name "Investigate distress call"
	description "The Quarg have asked you investigate an Efreti distress call in <destination>."
	source "Karek Fornati"
	waypoint "Seleptra Nak"
	destination "Laki Nemparu"
	landing
	conversation
		`The blue flash of Quarg ships is nothing new as you travel Efreti space. Usually that is all you see of the enigmatic aliens. Today, however, you receive an urgent hail as you land.`
		`	"Salutations Captain of the <ship>. Your most diligent efforts are required lest many families mourn the dead. An Efreti ship was surveying <destination> when surprised by Mereti they were. Their ship crashed on the planet with many dead and they have asked for help to evacuate.`
		choice
			"I'll go there immediately."
				accept
			"Can't the Quarg respond?"
				goto Quarg
			"I don't care about the Korath."
				goto careless
		label Quarg
		`	We fought off the Mereti that attacked them but they had crashed before we could reach them. The gravity on their world requires us to have special equipment and environment suits to navigate wreckage in high gravity. A Human would have few problems.`
		label careless
		`	The Quarg is silent for some time. Eventually he responds, "Life is rare and precious across the vastness of space. Look about the Korath worlds and see what remains when one cares not what others suffer."`
			decline

	on waypoint
		conversation
		`	It takes you some time to find the wreckage. You had expected a beacon of some sort but they are either keeping radio silence to avoid drawing the Mereti or there were no survivors.`
		`	When you manage to open the hatch, you find yourself staring down a thermal rifle. The Korath shouts something at you and you hold your hands out palms forward. He limps back a few steps but keeps the weapon trained on you. You slowly pull your communicator our and play you ship's recording of the Quarg transmission. When the Korath hears the Quarg's voice they become excited. "Laki Nemparu?" he asks repeatedly. You nod your head and show your palms again.`
		`	He leads you into the ship, shouting into a communication device that is then picked up on speakers throughout the ship. You can only glance around as you move through the engineering section but it's clear their System Core was destroyed and left them stranded.`
		`	The living area is a makeshift hospital. You don't see bodies, but it's clear that all the crew are injured to some degree with more than half incapacitated or unconscious. Even if if the ship was spaceworthy, there aren't enough crew to man it.`
		`	You quickly count the number of surviors and communicate to your guide that you can take them all. He mimics your nodding head gesture and shows you his plams and makes quick cirlcles. You think he is agreeing and wants to hurry. You call your crew over to help move the survivors to the <ship>. Within a couple of hours you are ready to go.`
	
	on complete
		payment 3000000
		conversation
		`	The Efreti commander hails the authorities once you enter the system and they have medical crews waiting when you land. It takes several hours to evacute the injured as doctors or paramedics swarm over them to triage, treat, and prepare for transport. The three who died during the flight are treated with respect and carried off the <ship>.`
		`	When you make it to the spaceport you find a message from the Quarg. "Bold Human! With profuse thanks we offer you for helping the standed Korath when we could not. The Korath ever mourn the loss of their worlds and from time to time brave the dangers to seek what the can salvage among the ruins and to seek out those where they may one day live again. For the young, this gives them hope, but sometimes they are caught and the Efreti are reminded why they live crushed together in these few worlds."`
		`	Your communicator notifies you of a payment of <payment>.`